I'm Talia, and I'm an
engineer within privacy,
safety and security at Google.
So there are a lot of myths in
the cybersecurity space.
One big one is,
you must know how to code,
or you must know how to hack,
or you must be a math wiz.
I don't know how to code,
although I have learned how
to read code over time.
I'm not a hacker.
I'm not on the red
team site of security,
I'm more on like the blue team.
I'm not a math wiz.
I definitely took
the business route,
but I'm not a mathematician.
That wasn't really the path.
A lot of my strength really lies
in my ability to
build relationships,
learn quickly on the job,
doing, conducting research, asking
all the right questions.
I think those have been
my strongest strength.
Another big myth, is that,
you are required to have
a cybersecurity degree.
I actually went to
school for business,
an advanced degree
is not required.
Even though I did
later on go back,
That was my preference.
You do not need to
pursue that in order for
you to be considered a great
candidate for cybersecurity.
Another big one is you work
in isolation within
cybersecurity.
It really depends on the
path that you choose.
But I found that to
be one of the most
that couldn't be further
from the truth.
My biggest advice for anyone
who's interested in
cybersecurity is,
be okay with creating
your own path.
The path looks
different for everyone.
If you were to talk to
five different people,
their journeys are
all different.
So own your journey,
and identify people
who can support you.
Let them know that you're
sitting for the certificate,
and see what support
that you can
get as you start your journey.